1. Updating readme (#16)
R3Conclave/conclave-samples: tribuo-classification/README.md

Macro Average                        | | | | |                                         0.500   |     0.186    |    0.271| 
Balanced Error Rate        | | | | |                                                   0.500

This sample demonstrates how you can integrate Tribuo and Conclave, to load and train a model. The model is evaluated based
off the testing data sent by the client. The evaluation result is sent back to the client, and we print it on the client's
screen. 
This sample can be extended further to tweak the model parameters, based off the evaluation result. The clients can send
more training data to better train the model. 

> The clients can further send out some input data, and the model can predict if the input data tumor is malignant or benign.

Reviewer: Is this actually possible with the current version of the sample? I thought you could only use it for training and evaluating a model.

Haven't looked at this in a while so apologies if I'm mistaken

Author: Nope this says that - "This sample can be extended further to...".

Reviewer: Oh right, I read this as "This sample can be extended further to tweak the model parameters, based off the evaluation result." ... and then the following sentences you can already do. Maybe it would be clearer to phrase it like

> This sample can be extended in a number of ways:
>    * ...
>    * ...

Author: done

This sample demonstrates how you can integrate Tribuo and Conclave, to load and train a model. The model is evaluated based
off the testing data sent by the client. The evaluation result is sent back to the client, and we print it on the client's
screen. 

> This sample can be extended in a number of ways:
> * The clients can tweak the model parameters, based off the evaluation result. The clients can then send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample can be extended in a number of ways:
* Enable the clients to tweak the model parameters, based off the evaluation result. The clients could then send
```

more training data to better train the model. 

> * The clients can further send out some input data, and the model can predict if the input data tumor is malignant or benign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable the clients to send some input data once the model has been trained, to predict whether a tumor is malignant or benign.
```
